Comms for 2024 GOLDDR VM disk reduction (#241)
BCDevOps/platform-services-status-page-notifications: notifications/2024-02-05_CHG0054815.md

**What is happening?**

CHG0054815 CITZ - MCS GOLD DR - Rebuild 8 VMs with smaller disks

This will drain eight APP nodes and rebuild the nodes with the assistance of VMware using a smaller OS disk. Once the nodes are rebuilt anbd tested, they will be put back into circulation.

**When?**

> Starting on February 5th 2024 at 9:00am PST and running until February 9th 5:00pm PST at the latest.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting on February 20th 2024 at 9:00am PST and running until February 23rd 5:00pm PST at the latest.
```
